Hack the Box 
Machine: Explosion
Part of the Starting Point Tier 0 series
Difficulty: Very Easy
**Google Doc link containing screenshots to follow**


Box questions and answers
Q1: What does the 3-letter acronym RDP stand for?
A1: Remote Desktop Protocol

Q2: What is a 3-letter acronym that refers to interaction with the host through a command line interface?
A2: CLI

Q3: What is a 3-letter acronym for graphical user interface interactions?
A3: GUI

Q4: What is the name of an old remote access tool that came without encryption by default?
A4: telnet

Q5: What is the concept used to verify the identity of the remote host with SSH connections?
A5: public-key cryptography

Q6: What is the name of the tool that we can use to initiate a desktop projection to our host using the terminal?
A6: xfreerdp

Q7: What is the name of the service running on port 3389 TCP?
A7: ms-wbt-server

Q8: What is the switched used to specify the taret host's IP address when using xfreerdp?
Q8: /v:

Q9: Submit root flag:
Q9: 951fa96d7830c451b536be5a6be008a0

Steps to solve

Based on the questions about this machine it is clearly built around using xfreerdp to gain a foothold onto the system

Step1: 
  Run nmap to find any open ports that have services and version information running on them.
  nmap -sV <target_IP>
  We find
    135/tcp, open, msrpc
    139/tcp, open, netbios-ssn
    445/tcp, open, microsoft-ds?
    3389/tcp, open, mswbt-server -Answer to Q7
    and that the OS is likely windows
    
 Step2: 
  Since the lesson of the machine is about RDP and sepcifically the use of the tool xfreerdp we will use the switch we found earlier using the IP address for the target machine as the argument.
  This will prompt us asking for a user name. Since we don't have a user name we will try basics like "user" "admin" administrator" and the like and just see what happens.
  Entering the user name administrator prompts us for a password, after a few guesses such as "password" "psswd" "admin" the solution was discovered. 
  Simplly press enter when prompted for a password, leaving the field blank, will grant a Remote Desktop to the machine. 
  Right there on the homepage is a document that is labeled "flag" double clicking on it to open it will allow you to copy the flag from plain text. 
  
  
